[TEC-3979] Update change log to include bypass constant. (#3653)
the-events-calendar/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

= [TBD] TBD =

> * Tweak - Improve the look and feel of the single events page when using the block editor. These changes can be bypassed by adding the following constant to the wp-config file, define( 'TRIBE_EVENTS_SINGLE_VIEW_V2_DISABLED', true ); [TEC-3979]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Improve the look and feel of the single events page when using the block editor. These changes can be bypassed by defining the following constant to your wp-config.php file: define( 'TRIBE_EVENTS_SINGLE_VIEW_V2_DISABLED', true ); [TEC-3979]
```
